Please read all the way though, as there is important information about food and wireless network toward the end.  Ram: can you please forward this to the Semantic Bits attendees.

This email is being sent to all the participants in the caTRIP face-to-face meeting at Duke on May 24th and May 25th.  I have attached the agenda.  The first day will be focused on problem scenarios, use cases, datasets, and CDEs.  Raj, Bob, Ram, and myself will be leading discussion.  The second day will be focused on architecture, security, and project plans.  The discussion will be led by Ram and myself.  We will have Jeff Allred, senior manager of IT for CCIS, attending the security discussion, and a member of the caGrid team attending the discussion of architecture and security.

The conference will be taking place in room 7098 of Hock Plaza.  Hock Plaza is at 2424 Erwin Road, Durham, NC, 27705.  If you choose not to rent a car, you will be able to hail a taxi at the airport, but you will have to call ahead to get a taxi at Duke.  We will be able to arrange taxis from the meeting back to the airport.

I recommend that people stay in the Brookwood Inn, which is directly across from the main Duke Hospital and two blocks from Hock Plaza.  The rates are reasonable (~$85/night), and you will have to make reservations by phone: 919-286-3111.  Alternatively, though more pricey, the Washington Duke Inn is very nice.  It is on campus, though you would have to take a shuttle or drive to Hock Plaza becayse it is not in walking distance.

If you are driving from the airport, take I-40 W 4 miles and merge onto NC-147 N.  After about 10 miles, take the Hillandale Rd/Fulton St exit.  Turn left onto Fulton St.  Brookwood Inn will be on your right in just half a mile.  Fulton St dead-ends into the main Duke Hospital.  MapQuest will give you directions via Elba/Trent St, which will also work.

To walk to Hock Plaza from the Brookwood Inn, head towards the main hospital and take a right on Erwin Rd.  You will pass the VA Hospital on your right.  Hock Plaza is just two blocks on your right.  Enter the building by going right on the brick drive.  You will have to check in with the security guard.  Let him know that you are there for the caTRIP meeting and you can give Emily Allred's name as a contact.  If you are driving to Hock Plaza, you can park in guest parking in the deck directly behind Hock Plaza.  You will have to get a guest parking pass from the security guard after parking.

Please let me know of any dietary constraints you have.  We will have a light breakfast and be ordering sandwiches on each day for lunch.  For sandwiches, I think the options will be straigtforward: turkey, ham, tuna, roast beaf, veggie.  Copy myself and Emily Allred (emily.allred@duke.edu) with your preference for each day.  I suspect we will make reservations somewhere for dinner, so let me know if you'd like to join us and if you have a preference for a food type (Italian, Japanese, etc.).

If you would like to connect to the wireless network in Hock Plaza, you will need to send me the MAC address of your wireless adapter ASAP.  Otherwise, we will see what we can do with the limited number of wired connections in the conference room.

NCI will be setting up a teleconference line and Web Centra session for the duration of the meeting.  I will send the information when it is set up.

Ram: please send me and Jeff Allred (jeff.allred@duke.edu) ASAP the names and phone numbers of each of the Semantic Bits developers that will require a VPN to Duke.  It would be good if we could troubleshoot VPN access while you guys are at Duke.

If you run into any problems, please give myself a call (cell: 404-580-6470) or Emily Allred (office: 919-668-3412).



-Patrick McConnell
Duke Bioinformatics Shared Resource
Duke Comprehensive Cancer Center
patrick.mcconnell@duke.edu